Updating translation editor (#1183)
Ralim/IronOS: Documentation/Settings.md

<!-- This is an automatically generated file. DO NOT EDIT. Edit gen_menu_docs.py instead -->

# IronOS Settings Menu

The below breaks down the menu's and what each setting means.
    
## Menu Categories

In the menu there are a few main categories that are used to keep the list manageable.

### Category: Power settings

Menu for settings related to power. Main settings to do with the input voltage.

### Category: Soldering settings

> Setttings for soldering mode, such as tip temperature, boost temps, sleep temps.

Reviewer: 1. In Set***t***tings there is one extra **t**.
2. In **`Soldering settings`** there is no dedicated *tip temperature-setting*.
Besides *boost temp* it regulates the behavior while powering up, which increments is to be used if the buttons are pressed short/long and whether the buttons could be locked.
3. Sleep temp is handled in **`Sleep mode`**.

### Category: Sleep mode

Settings to do with power saving, such as sleep mode and shutdown modes.

### Category: User interface

User interface related settings, such as Units.

### Category: Advanced settings

> Advanced settings. Misc catchall for settings that dont fit anywhere else or settings that require some thought before use.

Reviewer: dont -> don't

## Settings

These are all of the settings possible in the menu.
**Not all settings are visible for all devices.**
For example, the TS100 does not have USB-PD settings.

When using the device, if unsure you can pause (press nothing) on a setting and after a short delay help text will scroll across the screen.
This is the "on device help text".

### Setting: Power source

> When device is powered by a battery, adjusts the low voltage threshold for when the unit turns off the heater to protect the battery.

Reviewer: When the device is powered by a battery, `this` adjusts the low voltage threshold for when the unit `should` turn off the heater to protect the battery.

Author: Ah this might be an opinion. I was trying to write succinctly so the translation editor page isnt huge. Though agree it probably reads easier with the extra works.

On device help text:

Power source. Sets cutoff voltage. (DC 10V) (S 3.3V per cell, disable power limit)

### Setting: Sleep temp

Temperature the device will drop down to while asleep. Typically around halfway between off and soldering temperature.

On device help text:

Tip temperature while in "sleep mode"

### Setting: Sleep timeout

> How long after inactivity the device drops down to the sleep temperature.

Reviewer: `Period of inactivity after which` the device ...

> How long after inactivity the device drops down to the sleep temperature.

Reviewer: `Period of inactivity after which` the device drops down to the sleep temperature.

On device help text:

Interval before "sleep mode" kicks in (S=seconds | M=minutes)

### Setting: Shutdown timeout

> How long after the unit enters sleep mode before it turns off the heater and exists soldering mode.

Author: These are kept joined as its the same _period of inactivity_, it doesnt magically move when you enter shutdown mode.
So you are setting the longest the tip stays hot and the longest the iron stays _on_ for.

Screen timeout is fixed at 60 seconds from last movement/button press, its independent of these settings

On device help text:

C=Celsius | F=Fahrenheit

### Setting: Detailed idle screen

Should the device show an 'advanced' view on the idle screen. Advanced view uses text to show more details than the typical icons.

On device help text:

Display detailed information in a smaller font on the idle screen

### Setting: Display orientation

If the display should rotate automatically or if it should be fixed into Left or Right handed mode.

On device help text:

R=right-handed | L=left-handed | A=automatic

### Setting: Boost temp

When the unit is in soldering mode. You can hold down the button at the front of the device to temporarily override the soldering temperature to this value. This SETS the temperature, it does not ADD to it.

On device help text:

Temperature used in "boost mode"

### Setting: Heat on power up

When the device powers up, should it enter into a special mode. These settings set it to either start into: Soldering mode, sleeping mode, Auto mode (Enters into soldering mode on first movement).

On device help text:

O=off | S=soldering temp | Z=standby at sleep temp until moved | R=standby without heating until moved

### Setting: Cooldown blink

> If the idle screen should blink the tip temperature for attention when the device tip is over 50C. Intended as a 'tip is hot' warning.

Reviewer: ... 'tip is `still` hot' ...

On device help text:

Flash the temperature reading after heating was halted while the tip is still hot

### Setting: Calibrate temperature?

Used to calibrate the ADC+Op-amp offsets for the tip. This calibration must be performed when the tip temperature and the handle temperature are equal. Generally not required unless your device is reading more than 5C off target.

On device help text:

Start tip temperature offset calibration

### Setting: Factory reset?

> Resets all settings and calibrations to factory defaults. Does NOT erase custom user bootup logo's

Reviewer: ... bootup logo's`.`

On device help text:

Reset settings to default

### Setting: Calibrate input voltage?

> Enters an adjustment mode where you can gradually adjust the measured voltage to compensate for any unit-to-unit variance in the voltage sense resistors

Reviewer: ... sense resistors`.`

On device help text:

Start VIN calibration (long press to exit)

### Setting: Detailed solder screen

Should the device show an 'advanced' soldering view. This is a text based view that shows more information at the cost of no nice graphics.

On device help text:

Display detailed information in a smaller font on soldering screen

### Setting: Scrolling speed

How fast the description text scrolls when hovering on a menu. Faster speeds may induce tearing but allow reading the whole description faster.

On device help text:

Speed info text scrolls past at (S=slow | F=fast)

### Setting: QC voltage

This adjusts the maximum voltage the QC negotiation will adjust to. Does NOT affect USB-PD. Should be set safely based on the current rating of your power supply.

On device help text:

Max QC voltage the iron should negotiate for

### Setting: PD timeout

> How long until firmware stops trying to negotiate for USB-PD and tries QC instead. Longer times may help dodgy/old PD adapters, faster times move onto PD quickly. Units of 100ms. Reccomended to keep small.

Reviewer: Reccomended -> Recommended

On device help text:

PD negotiation timeout in 100ms steps for compatibility with some QC chargers

### Setting: Power limit

> Allows setting a custom Wattage for the iron to aim to keep the AVERAGE power below. The Iron cant control its peak power no matter how you set this. (Except for MHP30 which will regulate nicely to this). If USB-PD is in use, the limit will be set to the lower of this and the supplies advertised wattage.

Reviewer: Wattage -> wattage

On device help text:

Maximum power the iron can use (W=watt)

### Setting: Reverse + - keys

> Swaps which button increments and decrements the temperature on temperature change screens.

Reviewer: screens -> screen

Author: Well there is more than one of them so.. ?

On device help text:

Reverse assignment of buttons for temperature adjustment

### Setting: Temp change short

How much the temperature is increased with a quick press of the buttons.

On device help text:

Temperature-change-increment on short button press

### Setting: Temp change long

How much the temperature is increased with a long hold of the buttons.

On device help text:

Temperature-change-increment on long button press

### Setting: Power pulse

Enables and sets the wattage of the power pulse. Power pulse causes the iron to briefly turn on the heater to draw power to avoid power banks going to sleep.

On device help text:

Intensity of power of keep-awake-pulse (watt)

### Setting: Hall sensor sensitivity

> If unit has a hall effect (Pinecil), how sensitive it is at detecting a magnet to put the iron into sleep mode.

Reviewer: If `the` unit has a hall effect `sensor` (Pinecil), `this sets` how sensitive it is at detecting a magnet to put the iron into sleep mode.

On device help text:

Sensitivity of the Hall effect sensor to detect sleep (O=off | L=low | M=medium | H=high)

### Setting: Allow locking buttons

> If the locking mode for the buttons is enabled. Allows locking the buttons from accidental presses.

Reviewer: The first phrase is redundant.

Enables locking the buttons to prevent accidental presses.

On device help text:

While soldering, hold down both buttons to toggle locking them (D=disable | B=boost mode only | F=full locking)

### Setting: Minimum voltage

> When powered by a battery, sets the minimum voltage per cell that is allowed. This is multiplied by the cell count.

Reviewer: ... battery, `this` sets ...

Author: You really want the implied `this` in there 😁

On device help text:

Minimum allowed voltage per cell (3S: 3 - 3.7V | 4-6S: 2.4 - 3.7V)

### Setting: Anim. loop

> Should the menu animations loop.

Reviewer: This is only accessible, if **`Anim. speed`** is not set to ***O***.

On device help text:

Loop icon animations in main menu

### Setting: Anim. speed

How fast should the menu animations loop.

On device help text:

Pace of icon animations in menu (O=off | S=slow | M=medium | F=fast)

### Setting: Power pulse delay

> How long of a time interval between power pulses.

Reviewer: This defines the interval between power pulses.

> How long of a time interval between power pulses.

Reviewer: `This defines the` interval between power pulses.

On device help text:

Delay before keep-awake-pulse is triggered (x 2.5s)

### Setting: Power pulse duration

> How long should the power pulse go for.

Reviewer: `This sets` how long the power pulse should `last`.

On device help text:

Keep-awake-pulse duration (x 250ms)

### Setting: Language:  EN     English

> Changes the device language on multi-lingual builds

Reviewer: ... builds`.`

On device help text:

Current firmware language

### Setting: Screen contrast

> Display brightness. Higher values age the OLED faster but are brighter.

Reviewer: ... but `make the OLED` brighter.

> Display brightness. Higher values age the OLED faster but are brighter.

Reviewer: ... but `make the OLED` brighter.

### Setting: Hall sensor sensitivity

If the unit has a hall effect sensor (Pinecil), this adjusts how sensitive it is at detecting a magnet to put the iron into sleep mode.

On device help text:

Sensitivity of the Hall effect sensor to detect sleep (O=off | L=low | M=medium | H=high)

### Setting: Allow locking buttons

If locking the buttons against accidental presses is enabled.

On device help text:

While soldering, hold down both buttons to toggle locking them (D=disable | B=boost mode only | F=full locking)

### Setting: Minimum voltage

> When powered by a battery, this adjust sets the minimum voltage per cell before shutdown. (This is multiplied by the cell count.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When powered by a battery, this adjusts the minimum voltage per cell before shutdown. (This is multiplied by the cell count.)
```

On device help text:

Minimum allowed voltage per cell (3S: 3 - 3.7V | 4-6S: 2.4 - 3.7V)

### Setting: Anim. loop

> Should the menu animations loop. Only visible if the animation speed is not turned turn to "Off"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should the menu animations loop. Only visible if the animation speed is not set to "Off"
```
